5.29 Release Notes (#3783)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## May 29, 2024

### Additional improvements

> - Added a centralized reference page with all OSS provider package versions listed for each Astro Runtime version. See [Provider package reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/runtime-provider-reference)

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - The default resources for the Kubernetes executor and KubernetesPodOperator Pods are now `0.25Gi` instead of `10Gi`. You can still customize the resource allocation for Kubernetes pods depending on your needs. <!--https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21215-->

Reviewer: Link to the KPO/KE doc?

> - Dedicated clusters are now available only to [**Team**](https://www.astronomer.io/pricing/) tier customers and above. <!--https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21383-->

Author: ```suggestion
- The default resources for the Kubernetes executor and KubernetesPodOperator Pods are now `0.25Gi` instead of `10Gi`. You can still customize the resource allocation for Kubernetes pods depending on your needs. See [Configure Kubernetes Pod Resources](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/deployment-resources#configure-kubernetes-pod-resources)
- Dedicated clusters are now available only to [**Team**](https://www.astronomer.io/pricing/) tier customers and above.
```

> - Dedicated clusters are now available only to [**Team**](https://www.astronomer.io/pricing/) tier customers and above. <!--https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21383-->
> 

Author: ```suggestion
- Dedicated clusters are now available only to [**Team**](https://www.astronomer.io/pricing/) tier customers and above. <!--https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21383-->
- Added a centralized reference page with all OSS provider package versions listed for each Astro Runtime version. See [Provider package reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/runtime-provider-reference)

```

> - Added a centralized docs reference page with all OSS provider package versions listed for each Astro Runtime version. See [Provider package reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/runtime-provider-reference) docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a centralized docs reference page that lists all open source Apache Airflow provider packages and their versions for each Astro Runtime version. See [Provider package reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/runtime-provider-reference) docs.
```

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## May 29, 2024

### Additional improvements

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Added a centralized reference page with all OSS provider package versions listed for each Astro Runtime version. See [Provider package reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/runtime-provider-reference)

Reviewer 2: Maybe move this to the bottom of the list since there's no real product implication? And we might want to make it clear that this is a docs page, not a UI page

> - For Kubernetes Executor and KubernetesPodOperator pods, the default resources are now `0.25Gi` instead of `10Gi`for both Astro and Astro Hybrid. You can still customize the resource allocation for Kubernetes pods depending on your needs. <!--https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21215-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The default resources for the Kubernetes executor and KubernetesPodOperator Pods are now `0.25Gi` instead of `10Gi`. You can still customize the resource allocation for Kubernetes pods depending on your needs. <!--https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21215-->
```

> - Dedicated clusters are only available to [**Team**](https://www.astronomer.io/pricing/) tier customers and above. <!--https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21383-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Dedicated clusters are now available only to [**Team**](https://www.astronomer.io/pricing/) tier customers and above. <!--https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21383-->
```

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue so that when your Organization is inactive, you can't make changes to your Astro clusters or deploy changes to your Deployments. <!-- https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21407, https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/21403-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where you could make changes to clusters and Deployments on an inactive Organization.
```
